Parameter Vs Argument
--------------------
Parameters:

A parameter is the variable defined within the parentheses during function definition. 
Simply they are written when we declare a function.

Arguments:
An argument is a value that is passed to a function when it is called. It might be a variable, value or object passed to a function or method as input. 
They are written when we are calling the function.

Types of arguments in python:

Python functions can contain two types of arguments:

Positional Arguments
Keyword Arguments
Positional Arguments:

Positional Arguments are needed to be included in proper order i.e the first argument is always listed first when the function is called, second argument needs to be called second and so on.

Keyword Arguments:
Keyword Arguments is an argument passed to a function or method which is preceded by a keyword and an equal to sign. The order of keyword argument with respect to another keyword argument does not matter because the values are being explicitly assigned.

Python Docstrings
---------------
Declaring Docstrings: The docstrings are declared using ”’triple single quotes”’ or “””triple double quotes””” just below the class, method or function declaration. 
All functions should have a docstring.

Namespace Local Vs Global Scope
---------------------------------
The location where we can find a variable and also access it if required is called the scope of a variable.
 
* Global and local variables
    Global variables are the ones that are defined and declared outside any function and are not specified to any function. 
    They can be used by any part of the program.

Differences between Procedural and Object Oriented Programming
--------------------------------------------------------------
Procedural Programming:

Procedural Programming can be defined as a programming model which is derived from structured programming, based upon the concept of calling procedure. 
Procedures, also known as routines, subroutines or functions, simply consist of a series of computational steps to be carried out. During a program’s execution, any given procedure might be called at any point, including by other procedures or itself.

Object Oriented Programming:
Object oriented programming can be defined as a programming model which is based upon the concept of objects. Objects contain data in the form of attributes and code in the form of methods. In object oriented programming, computer programs are designed using the concept of objects that interact with real world. 
Object oriented programming languages are various but the most popular ones are class-based, meaning that objects are instances of classes, which also determine their types.